you're watching this is pillow cos
fellowship ministry with Pastor tomorrow
Bennett
of course it is not a denomination it is
an experience
as therefore the tares are gathered and
burned in the fire so shall it be in the
end of this world son of man shall send
forth his angels and they shall gather
out of his body there gathering them out
of where all things that offend and them
which do iniquity and shall cast them
into a furnace of fire there shall be
wailing and gnashing of teeth in shall
the righteous shine forth as the Sun in
the everybody of their father whole
happier to hear let him hear
so first elevation is I have to know
it's not about me to understand that I
have been chosen not I love you tonight
to be a part of the kingdom the first
thing my first huge revelation has
nothing to do with me but it's got
everything to do with my assignment to
build the kingdom if I don't live and
that mind said then everything that
happens to me I'm gonna take personal
everything that happens to me I'm a
blame it on my husband and and actually
the devil just used my husband cuz I
love him so much
i'ma blame it on my children and only
because I love my children so much the
devil can continue to use my children to
vex me I need some amens all by myself
if you don't take it that it's not you
personal you're gonna blame it on the
boss you're gonna blame it on the job
you're gonna blame it on the credit
bureau for your bad grip
everything will be blame and you won't
see that these tests
and these trials are necessary that's
was messing me
because I'm comprehending that if we are
truly as I like to put it on this moving
sidewalk as we're entering into the end
time then I really don't have control
because if I'm chosen hand-picked before
the world began
then nothing that is happening to me is
by accident nothing that is happening to
me is a oops it's just I need to get
into with my father to know how to align
myself cuz I know he go perfect that
thing that concerns me cuz I'm the one
that's chosen and so my dear sisters
this journey that were on that we call
life this process that we are that we're
on we have to be crystal clear and we
don't like to make it this plain but but
there are children of God and there are
children of the devil we don't like to
talk about it we don't like to make it
that clear but it's a sac you are either
a child of the king or a child of the
devil
you are either a child of the light or a
child of the dark I think that's why you
said jewel she this day whom you go
serve you can't serve two masters either
you only love the one and hate the other
hand the children of light to give the
Lord some praise in this house tonight I
need you to arise in your power I need
you to arise in your authority and give
God some praise high nobis a yellow
shondo Baha when I understand my
assignment is no doubt high yellow Shawn
no bossy kya not before the world began
he already dusted the date time place
that I will be born and when it happened
God said that's good cuz I'm gonna use
them for my glory I need y'all to praise
them right there sisters come on go up
with me go up with me and so this war
fear that we wrestle these things that
we're wrestling is the more that you
strive to walk in the way
of God you'll have to know the more your
identity is being revealed that you are
alight the more that you seek him the
more that you chase after him
the more that you try to purify yourself
enough and you're saying I don't know
why all this happening it's because your
identity is being revealed and obviously
that's a child of the light
I need your sister sir praise him right
there I need you to praise up right
there
my heart is fixed
wah
the greatness
he's given me everything I wanted
everything got me there it's more than
enough for all of the days that I
pleaded and the straighter than I could
imagine greater than I can achieve by
giving him my heart trust and believe me
everything I wanted everything
everything I need